[15:35:57] Loading Model Object                                                                                                                                                                                                           predict.py:109
[15:36:03] Loaded Model Object                                                                                                                                                                                                            predict.py:111
           Comeday Action                                                                                                                                                                                                                 predict.py:113
[15:37:21] (                                                                                                                                                                                                                              predict.py:115
               {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                   1: 'film begins with a group of four police officers chasing a mob hit man (Yellow Ford) who is looking for the hit man. The men target the hit man\'s head with a pistol they call "Devil Eye" (Burt Lancaster) but                 
           the hit man kicks his head off and he is freed of the charge. During the chase, the hit men make off with a "Handsome Eye" and attempt to shoot him. The in-flight chase leads to the hit man\'s graves. On the road, a man is               
           discovered by a police officer after the hit men mute a police officer. Shortly after, the hit man is killed, police officer Kevin Turner (Richard Ferguson) and his girlfriend, Jane (Patricia Graham). The hit man is shot                 
           and killed. The hit man is subsequently called into the police station. This man is a dummy for the hit man and is now known as a hit man. The hit man is known as "Flyer" and has a "Big Six", a name that is given to each                 
           individual. His job is to try and outwit the police. Soon enough, the hit man\'s name is "Peasant-Task Jack". His main job is to get his name out of prison if the hit man fails to follow orders. With the assistance of a                  
           gun from one of the hit men, he brings the target on his own, which he promises to meet his wife in a week. When he arrives, he is smitten by the image of his boss. On the day of the attack, the hit man is walked in and                  
           beaten until he arrives home to find his wife and baby torn.',                                                                                                                                                                               
                   2: "film begins with a murder of a high school teacher, Manasabha. The police want to bring him to justice, but due to legal issues Manasabha falls into the hands of a group of criminals. Manasabha goes into hiding               
           and meets the mysterious yet loving man Manasabha. Manasabha gets him arrested and sent to prison for 12 months. After Manasabha breaks out of the prison, Manasabha goes to court, where he learns that a criminal is trying                
           to kill a man who is also involved in the murder. Manasabha's husband also gets sent to jail. Manasabha's mother gives Manasabha to turn Manasabha over to her son. Manasabha later appears and meets with Manasabha and both                
           fall in love. Manasabha discovers Manasabha and goes to look for Manasabha. Manasabha decides to destroy Manasabha and hide his body in a garbage chute. Manasabha accepts and enlists Manasabha and his friends. Manasabha                  
           helps Manasabha as well. Manasabha's friend Raja (Rajakumari) arranges a hideout where Manasabha meets some girls. Manasabha becomes friendly with Manasabha and meets him in an expensive gym. Manasabha gets out of town,                  
           meets his daughter, and she agrees to marry him. In her last days, Manasabha's mother has died, leaving Manasabha's house to live. Manasabha accepts and lets him take Manasabha, but Manasabha's father dies. A raider                      
           attacks Manasabha to kill Manasabha. Manasabha takes Manasabha at the hands of Munnasabha. Manasabha makes Manasabha. Manasabha is found dead at the scene after he is tasked with killing Manasabha's murder. Manasabha says                
           that Manasabha possessed the body and has abandoned Manasabha. Manasabha tells Manasabha to meet up with Manosabha and she agrees to take Manosac. Manosabha tells Manosac that Manosac was killed and not Narasimha who took                
           the blame for Manosac. Manosac's revenge is, however, not the case, but Radha. He convinces Manosac to give"                                                                                                                                 
               },                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
               'Pass'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
           )                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
           Suspense Thriller - Joe Russo                                                                                                                                                                                                  predict.py:118
[15:37:54] (                                                                                                                                                                                                                              predict.py:120
               {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                   1: 'film focuses on a blind man (Michelle Szemanski), whose life is threatened by a nuclear attack. The film examines several situations that lead to the death of people in the United States.',                                    
                   2: "film writer Marco Polo is enraged to learn that his former girlfriend Marina (Kathryn Rhodes) was murdered at a conference earlier this year. Marco wants to continue his investigation, but his friend Marco                    
           Polo, who has been grudgingly refusing to cooperate, shows little hope of getting back to him. It turns out that Marina is the murderer's real-life accomplice, not Marina's real-life girlfriend. Marco Polo is never told                  
           the truth until his friend Rafael (Hedda Flanagan) introduces him to Marina and shows her that she is only interested in her profession, not someone he knew. However, Marco Polo also tells him that he does not want to ruin               
           his own career if he will be found guilty. Marco Polo tells the journalist about this and the day of the shooting at a hotel. Marco Polo tells the reporter that he will not lose his job on the day of the shooting, and says               
           that he will be able to track her down, but not before Marco Polo. Marco Polo then demands to know why she didn't shoot him; however, Marco Polo asks him for a job. Initially, Marco Polo insists that his life be cut short                
           by the death of his wife, but Marco Polo has a confession—this leads to a drawback between his life and the murderer. Upon turning the tables on Marco Polo, the plot slips away. The movie ends with Marco Polo being hanged                
           in a brothel."                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
               },                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
               'Pass'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
           )                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
           Drama Romance - Karan Johar - Ranbir Kapoor Deepika Padukone                                                                                                                                                                   predict.py:123
[15:38:13] (                                                                                                                                                                                                                              predict.py:125
               {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                   1: 'film begins with Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone filming at Kodapur. After successful shooting of a film, Ranbir discovers that his wife Khaled Hashmi was pregnant and had a heart attack. After the accident,               
           the widow of her lover Ranbir tells him that his daughter Mahalakshmi had been married to Anuradha. The marriage is fixed by the marriage of the couple.[1]',                                                                                
                   2: 'Among the college students are Jaipur (Radeep Kapoor), a very good academic and hardworking scholar. They also have a huge budget and are on the verge of bankruptcy, so they file a lawsuit. They try every                     
           possible means to get the money, but only if the court approves them. So they plan to get married. So they decide to get married. But they fail and their union ends badly. So they start a new life, and so they start living               
           together. With the help of Deepika Padukone (Deva Padukone), their middle-class neighbors, they decide to make her fall in love. After all this, they are about to get married. But now they know what it is like to be apart                
           of the bond that is between them. But now they both must decide what kind of man should you be for your life.[2]'                                                                                                                            
               },                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
               'Pass'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
           )                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
           murder mystery - Anurag Kashyap - Nawazidin Siddique - Bollywood                                                                                                                                                               predict.py:128
[15:38:57] (                                                                                                                                                                                                                              predict.py:130
               {                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                   1: 'During the year 1949, in preparation for the Battle of the Crags, the king orders his minister (Farida Muthu) to give a sermon, saying: "We can\'t make this life worse." He requests the minister to deliver the                
           funeral. When the minister gives an ultimatum, the minister declares that the minister must do better than send the murderers and to prepare a memorial mass for their martyrdom.',                                                          
                   2: "film starts with a young man, Ajay (Shantha), who is suspected of murdering a railway engineer. The teenaged man is a grocer. He is a grocer who tries to dissuade a public prosecutor and have him pose as his                  
           criminal son. He is the son of a farmer and police officer, and an extremely wealthy heiress. While a trainee petty thief, Ajay reveals that the man's wife, Mrs. Khan (Salman Avinash), has a secret lover, and the crime                   
           boss tells him that Ashok will be there forever. However, Ashok now discovers the truth now, and comes to know that the man killed a worker at a renowned jewellery shop. She is now back in the police station where he is                  
           captured by the killer, and is now in the police station. He is out on the run from police and in the police station. He is caught with a cop carrying a dummy suitcase filled with cash and a dummy suitcase. He finds his                  
           girlfriend and a young woman, but his girlfriend informs him of the murder. Ashok becomes suspicious and runs to get help from the cop. He leads a police convoy to the town where the two were arrested. The two are arrested               
           and charged with the murder of the dummy woman. Ashok then kills the man and the woman. The police are shocked when he discovers she was unable to kill her because she is married to Ashok. Ashok meets the girl and falls in               
           love with her. She does not recognize him and this makes him want to see him alive, but she is not sure of his intentions. Ashok then travels to the police station to find the body. Ashok then takes him to a dungeon where                
           he meets the girl who had earlier murdered Ashok."                                                                                                                                                                                           
               },                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
               'Pass'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
           )                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
